I haven't practiced my oral English for two days, and I feel that I can't speak English fluently. Two days ago, maybe it was because of that. I should practice spoken English every day so that I can get familiar with this kind of feeling.

Last weekend, I played video games all day, and I couldn't stop playing them. When I put down my cellphone, I just wanted to pick it up and watch some videos or play games. So, I didn't want to do anything demanding or work hard.

But I uninstalled the game app so that I couldn't play games during my weekdays. However, yesterday, I just didn't have enough motivation to learn English or practice my professional skills. I just wanted to take a rest and watch some videos.

I think I should force myself not to use my cellphone to watch videos or play games. Just like last week, I didn't use my cellphone for three days. And during that time, I had plenty of energy to do something positive.

So today I got up early and went to the court to play basketball with my roommate. I also talked to some girls in an attempt to develop my relationships with them. I think that kind of feeling of communicating with some beautiful girls is pretty good. It's been a long time since I last felt like this.

Maybe I need to talk with my best friend about my relationship with my ex-girlfriend. Actually, I don't have enough determination to break up with her, so maybe I need my friend's advice. So I will have a conversation with my friend to talk about my relationship.

