this is the first time I commit my request to git in yolo.
I have commit the request, but the result show I didn't push anything.
this sentence is push by terminal.
Today is the first day I have worked in the new company, and it seems to be going pretty well, even better than I expected.
Our team is a new one, and we are establishing a paid project. This project requires a large number of professional developers. My colleagues are all senior Java developers. They are all older than me and have more experience than I do. I truly feel grateful to be a part of this team. I believe I can learn a great deal from this project. On another note, since our team is newly established, I have the opportunity to understand the entire process of this project. As a result, I can get a comprehensive understanding of each part of the project and its design, and I think I will gain a lot of knowledge and skills from it.
Regarding my relationship with my girlfriend, I made a phone call to my best friend and asked her about my girlfriend. I got some news and information from her. I think it's really possible that I will break up with my girlfriend because from this conversation, I've come to understand many things that I didn't know before. Maybe this weekend, I'll have a serious talk with my girlfriend about our relationship and our future. I truly think it's highly likely that I will break up with her because I find her to be too selfish. Perhaps it's due to her family background, her living environment, and her childhood experiences. As an adult, it's really difficult for her to make significant changes. In relationships, we should look for the right person, and we don't have to try to change someone.  So, maybe it's time for me to find someone who is more suitable for me.