Our team leader made a mistake today. He required us to do something yesterday, and today, my colleagues and I spent a lot of time on this task. However, this evening, when we discussed these requirements, we found that he had changed his request. As a result, what we did today was useless, which made us feel really angry.

What's more, he also required us to work overtime to do the new task. So we are not satisfied with him, and he can probably sense that right now. Maybe it's because our requirements aren't specific. Our boss didn't give him or our team a specific target or requirements. As a result, it's really difficult for him to lead us in carrying out some tasks.

I don't know if our team will last for a long time. Maybe our team leader will also quit his job. So I'm not sure whether our team is going to last for a long time or not. Therefore, I will spend some time practicing my technical skills.

Today, I was thinking that maybe I could learn a new programming language. For example, I can learn Python. And maybe I can spend half an hour or an hour every day practicing these new skills. Maybe a year later, I can get a new job related to Python. Because right now, AI positions are really popular and the salaries are really high. 

I'm thinking that maybe a year later, I can become an AI developer. So right now, if I have enough time, I can use this time to practice AI-related skills, and Python is a basic skill for AI. So I should set aside some time to practice Python, this kind of programming language.