I've realized that I need to land a job this month, so I have to prepare for interviews. There are a lot of things I need to do every day. For instance, I need to keep a diary and refrain from watching videos between 9:00 am and 6:00 pm. I also need to come up with more than five interview questions in English. Additionally, I have to conduct mock interviews.

  

Every day, I spend a great deal of time on these tasks. It can be tiring, but it makes my days fulfilling because I have so much to do. As a result, I don't have time to dwell on frustrating things, which is actually good for me.


When I think about these matters, I might seem self - centered. But from my perspective, the question of why we should get married lingers. I believe that if marriage were to make our lives more difficult, I wouldn't opt for it. Conversely, if it could enhance our future, I'd be more inclined to marry the girl. It's about what's good for both of us and our long - term prospects. Everyone has a natural tendency to care about themselves.

  

I do love my girlfriend. I've dedicated a great deal of time, money, and energy to our relationship. For example, whenever we go out, I'm the one who always pays the bill. When she faces difficulties, I'm there to offer emotional support and engage in deep conversations with her. If she's unwell, be it a common illness or a fever, I take her to the hospital. Every weekend, I travel to her city to see her, which consumes a lot of my time and money.

  

However, I feel that we might not be well - suited for each other. She's not overly selfish, but we do seem to have some mismatches. I've noticed that I often give a lot, yet receive relatively little in return. This makes me feel a bit disheartened. For instance, last time I asked her, “I love you. How do you show your love for me? What actions demonstrate your affection?” She simply replied that she really depends on me. This made me realize that perhaps our relationship dynamic is imbalanced.

