I played golf for two hours yesterday. After playing golf, I felt a bit of pain in my back. Maybe it's because I played for a long time this time. Also, my body isn't familiar with this kind of situation, and I really felt the pain. I think I need to spend some time relaxing my back muscles.

And while we were playing golf, we met a new friend. She specializes in Chinese medicine. So, my friends and I consulted her to ask if there were any problems with our bodies.

At the beginning, I didn't trust her because she was a young woman. Maybe she was around 35 years old. So actually, I didn't really believe in her Chinese medicine skills. But when she spent some time feeling our pulses, and asked us some questions, then she drew a conclusion that there was something wrong with our bodies. For me, there was a problem with my kidneys. I needed to take some measures to take care of my kidneys. As for my friends, their situations were even worse because they didn't have a regular daily routine. They always stayed up late and ate some fast food and other unhealthy food. So their bodies were not as healthy as mine.

Then she suggested that I buy some things from the internet. I bought this kind of stuff, and I hope it can improve my kidney health. As for my friends, they also thought her Chinese medicine skills were good enough, so they also trusted her to give them some advice to improve their physical conditions. Then we realized that we had met her by chance. We were just playing golf and got to know her, so we didn't pay her anything. So we decided to invite her to have lunch. And then during the lunch, we found it was really difficult to have a conversation with her because her way of thinking was really direct, and she didn't really care about other people's feelings. So it was really difficult to have a conversation with her, but that was okay because we could get to know different kinds of people.

Today, I'm going to participate in an interview, and it's an English interview. I need to answer some questions on a website. I have to answer them in English. Also, I need to do some tasks, which is really a challenge for me. However, I think I can handle it. I hope I can pass this interview today.