Today, I've been thinking about stopping using my cell phone because it really impacts me. Every day, I automatically pick it up. I really don't want to watch videos on it anymore. So I force myself not to use it, and then I feel that time passes so slowly. However, I can sense the benefits. For example, I can concentrate better. My mind is clearer when I'm doing things. And I can get a lot more done. I just want to express these thoughts. I want to write them down because this realization really impresses me.


Yesterday, I spent a lot of time enhancing my resume. Previously, I only wrote one - page resumes. However, I thought it wasn't enough because I had sent my resume to several companies, but didn't receive any response from them. So I thought maybe my resume wasn't good enough. Therefore, yesterday I took some time to improve it.

  

I also want to send my resume to some Chinese companies that require English to be used as the working language. I just think it would be great for me if Chinese companies could offer higher salaries. Even if I don't pass the interviews, I can still learn some experience from them. So sending my resume to some Chinese companies is a good way for me.


I've just finished my English resume. So today, I'll also spend some time finishing my Chinese resume. I've found that perhaps companies in Singapore are more suitable for me. I found some information online, and I know some people who have landed remote jobs in Singapore. He is also a Java developer, so I think I'll send my resume to Singaporean companies. This afternoon, I'll take some time to finish my Chinese resume. At the same time, I'll practice answering interview questions.