I sent out my resume to some Chinese companies, and to my surprise, almost all of these companies were really satisfied with my experience and skills. So I think it won't be difficult for me to get a position in a Chinese company. What I want is to get a remote job. However, right now, I think it's really difficult for me to obtain a remote job.


I participated in two phone interviews yesterday, but I'm not satisfied with my performance. When I introduced myself in English, I felt really nervous and my voice was trembling. I think I'm not mature enough. I was too focused on what other people might think, which made me feel really nervous. So, after I finished the conversation, I reviewed the interview. Why did I feel nervous? Maybe it's because I cared too much about what other people thought. That was really naive of me. So right now, I need to improve this situation. I think maybe I can slow down my speech and think carefully about what I'm going to say and which points I need to express to my listener. That's the key point. And even if I can't answer a question well, I shouldn't be afraid or anxious. I should try to make other people think I'm a reliable person and also make myself believe that I'm truly a reliable person. I must have confidence in myself. Then I can gain other people's respect.


I realized that this is another advantage for me. I can reflect on what I have done and find some ways to improve what I'm going to do next time. So I think this is a big advantage for me.