I'm incredibly excited because I sent my resume to 10 different companies yesterday, and one of the companies has already responded, asking me to come in for an interview this Thursday morning. 

I was really lacking confidence in my pursuit of remote jobs just yesterday. Since I hadn't received any responses from the companies, I was feeling frustrated and anxious. I even thought that maybe it was a mistake for me to aim for remote work. I realized that I need to work on improving my mental attitude because whenever I lack confidence, I lose the motivation to work or practice for interviews. 

Yesterday, I was so anxious, but then this response came in and it's made me extremely excited. I was so thrilled that I couldn't fall asleep last night and ended up staying up really late. I'm hoping that now that I've received this first response, I'll start getting more from other companies. This is what's making me feel so excited.

I played golf this morning. After I got back to my apartment, I watched some TV shows and took a two - hour nap. I feel full of energy now because I can tell that getting enough sleep makes me more energetic. It also gives me more motivation to learn and maintain a positive mindset. I'm not sure if this is the right thing to do, though. If I take a long nap in the afternoon, I might not be able to fall asleep early in the evening. But if I skip the nap, I'll feel tired. Right now, even though I didn't spend much time practicing my spoken English and interview skills today, I think it's okay. My next interview is on Thursday morning, so I still have tomorrow to practice answering interview questions.

What I actually need to do right now is to continue sending out my resume. I should send it out every day because if I focus solely on a single interview, it might not be beneficial for my career. So, the right strategy for me is to send my resume to different companies every day.