I participated in a phone interview yesterday, but I didn't pass it because my oral English wasn't fluent enough. The position required the person in the role to have conversations with foreign  employees and discuss requirements. That's why I didn't pass the interview. I feel really upset because I think I didn't perform well. Recently, I think I've been lazy as I didn't prepare for my oral English, especially the English answers for the interview. So, I need to spend some time practicing how to answer English interview questions.

I just prepared for my Chinese interview questions these days. I think I really need to improve my English skills. I've noticed that every day when I record a video and talk about my feelings at the moment, I can express myself fluently. However, when I come across some interview questions, I need to spend a lot of time thinking about how to answer such questions. That's because I'm not familiar with the relevant vocabulary. So the most important thing is that every day I need to set aside some time to practice answering English questions, especially the professional ones. If I practice this way every day, I think maybe one week will be enough for me to answer the questions well.

And today I'm going to play golf with my friends. Yeah, recently I've found that I've made great progress in my golf skills. So I really enjoy playing it. I think that in about two weeks or maybe a month from now, I'll start working. So I won't have enough time to practice my golf skills. During this period, I just want to play golf with my friends to make myself feel happy.

