I passed my interview yesterday.

This interview only lasted two days according to my previous experience. Usually, an interview process lasts about a month, but this company seemed really informal. Because on the first day I participated in a technical interview, and on the second day, I participated in an HR interview. Then I passed, and they were satisfied with my performance. So it only took me two days. It wasn't as difficult as I expected. So I'm not afraid of interviews anymore. Actually, I want to get a higher position and a higher salary. Especially, I want to join some foreign companies. I think they can treat me well, not only in terms of the salary but also regarding holidays and other benefits. I think a good company should treat its employees well.

And now I've become more confident because right now I have choices. At least I can join this company and get a high salary. So I'm really satisfied with my interview performance. Still, I also need to practice answering interview questions every day to make sure that in future interviews, I can also perform well.

I also played golf yesterday with my best friend, and I think I've made a lot of improvement in my golf skills. Because right now, my posture is good, and I can hit the ball a long distance. I'm really proud of myself because I can learn things quickly and well. Also, I had a conversation with my best friend, and I realized that these days, I've always been sitting in front of my computer, and I haven't had enough communication with other people. Yesterday, when I had the conversation, I felt really comfortable. Maybe human beings need to interact with others so that they can communicate in the human world and feel better.







