Time passes so quickly. And today is February 15th. It's been almost half a month since I came back to Shenzhen. In the previous two weeks, I sent out my resumes and prepared for my interview skills. However, I only received one interview request. Regarding that company, they require me to live in Hong Kong, which means I haven't made any progress in my job - hunting through interviews. So, I feel very anxious. Yesterday, I was thinking about my choices. Maybe continuously striving for a remote job isn't a good strategy for me because I've prepared so many times but still can't get an interview response. So, I'm considering sending my resume to Chinese companies as well. That's what I've been thinking about.


When I think about sending my resume to Chinese companies, it doesn't make me feel really uncomfortable. I've been preparing my English for half a year, and now I can communicate with others in English. This means that in China, I'm more competitive compared to other candidates, so I do feel confident that I can find a good job here. However, personally, I still prefer to find a remote job because I want to be able to work from anywhere using just my laptop. Right now, it seems that I don't have the ability to land a remote job, but I'll still send out my resume to both foreign and Chinese companies.


Yesterday, I forced myself not to watch videos or play video games. Even though I felt really unaccustomed to it, I had a lot of time to do other things. Because when I picked up my phone, I always felt the urge to click the video - related buttons. It was really a strange feeling. Every time I picked up my cell phone, I would automatically reach for the video - playing button. But as soon as I realized I was about to watch a video, I would close it immediately. I found that time passed so slowly when I didn't watch videos. However, this gave me a lot of time to do other things.

  

Yesterday, I spent about an hour preparing my writing, and I also read some words. I also spent a long time with my cats. I played with them and thought it was really fun. I think refraining from using my cell phone so much is a good strategy for me, even though I feel a bit bored at times. Today is Saturday, and I'm still forcing myself not to use my cell phone.


I'm going to enhance my resume today because I think maybe it's not good enough, and that's the main reason I can't get enough interview responses. So I want to improve my resume. Even though it will take me a lot of time, right now I have enough time since I don't watch videos or play video games. So I'll spend several hours enhancing my resume.